Wake Up! is an Android application that allows you to maximize your sleep time
by allowing you to sleep peacefully and safely when you're on a bus. It allows
you to set an alarm which is triggered when you approach your destination. This
way you set an alarm when you get on, go to sleep, and get woken up right on 
time. 

Wake Up! has been published on the Android Market as free application in all
countries possible. Search for "wake up". It is under the Productivity
section.

The Wake Up! webpage is at: http://umich.edu/~gopalkri/wakeup.

FUTURE:
Wake Up! is still evolving. I am going to keep working on it whenever I can
find the time. If you would like to see specific features in Wake Up! please
let me know. I will do what I can to get them in. The current list of 
requested features follows.

REQUESTED FEATURES:
1. Send a text message to a contact in addition to firing a notification.
2. Optimize battery consumption for long journeys.

LICENSING:
WakeUp! is released under the GPL. For more information on the GPL refer to:
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html. I request that you let me know via email
if you do use WakeUp! (either source, or as an application). It's always good to
know that my work is useful to someone else.

CONTACT:
You can contact me via email: gopalkrishnaps@gmail.com / gopalkri@umich.edu
Twitter: @gopalkri

CONTRIBUTING:
If you want to contribute to WakeUp! in any way, I'd be thrilled. Get in touch
with me before you get started on anything though. Couple of things about this.
I've tried to follow my own coding standards, which I haven't formally
defined anywhere. I ask that you conform to my standards to the extent possible.
Here are a couple of things I would really like some help on (in that order): 
1. Icons. I'm hopeless at creating icons. 
2. Documentation (Javadoc and otherwise). Pretty terrible at this.
3. UI Design. I don't have any formal training in UI design. If you have
suggestions or fixes, I'd love to hear about them.
4. I'm pretty new to Android, and have never really had my own full fledged
project. So if you think I'm doing something wrong, please let me know.

AUTHOR:
Gopalkrishna Sharma (aka Gopal)

Have fun with Wake Up!
